README.md, before:

## Welcome, welcome ~
I am Catherine 吴若菥 from [Nanjing, China](https://www.google.com/maps/place/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%B1%9F%E8%8B%8F%E7%9C%81%E5%8D%97%E4%BA%AC%E5%B8%82/@17.5126382,77.2950694,3z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x35b58c9b668dcd83:0x8ffbb60b79df1b06!8m2!3d32.0583799!4d118.79647). I'm currently working at Microsoft and constantly improving Windows File Explorer.

### 🛠️ Dev Experience Highlights
- 🌐 **Full-Stack Developer:** Built web, mobile, and desktop apps using diverse technologies.
- 👩🏻‍💻 **OS Enthusiast:** Contributed code to Windows OS and MIUI during my work at Microsoft and Xiaomi.

### 💡 Research Interests
- 🕶️ **Human-Computer Interaction:** Exploring new design spaces of AR/VR software and the interection of HCI and AI.
- 🔍 **Distributed Systems:** Analyzing and improving the architecture of complex large-scale software systems.

### 🌱 Side Projects & Collaboration
- 🎶 Always excited to collaborate on side projects! My interests includes music, travel tools, 3D modeling, and data-driven sports analysis.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal information
Updated personal introduction and added a link to the latest resume.

README.md, after:

## Welcome, welcome ~
I am Catherine 吴若菥 from [Nanjing, China](https://www.google.com/maps/place/%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E6%B1%9F%E8%8B%8F%E7%9C%81%E5%8D%97%E4%BA%AC%E5%B8%82/@17.5126382,77.2950694,3z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x35b58c9b668dcd83:0x8ffbb60b79df1b06!8m2!3d32.0583799!4d118.79647). I'm currently working at Microsoft and constantly improving the user experience for Windows File Explorer. My latest resume is [here](https://github.com/catherineruoxiwu/catherineruoxiwu/blob/main/Catherine_Wu_Resume_20260204.pdf).

### 🛠️ Dev Experience Highlights
- 🌐 **Full-Stack Developer:** Built web, mobile, and desktop apps using diverse technologies.
- 👩🏻‍💻 **OS Enthusiast:** Contributed code to Windows OS and MIUI during my work at Microsoft and Xiaomi.

### 💡 Research Interests
- 🕶️ **Human-Computer Interaction:** Exploring new design spaces of AR/VR software and the interection of HCI and AI.
- 🔍 **Distributed Systems:** Analyzing and improving the architecture of complex large-scale software systems.

### 🌱 Side Projects & Collaboration
- 🎶 Always excited to collaborate on side projects! My interests includes music, travel tools, 3D modeling, and data-driven sports analysis.
